Misty Moncada: Hello.
Misty Moncada: Brian out here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I can see you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Can hear haircut.
Misty Moncada: I did. I did. I got a haircut. A while back, and I'm not home I'm visiting some family we came to Dallas, Texas.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For two weeks. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, how are you
Misty Moncada: I'm doing good. I'm doing good. I used to live out here a long time ago and
Misty Moncada: It came to visit and some for
Misty Moncada: Easter and my app does not want us to that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you were able was the traveling life with everything that's going on.
Misty Moncada: I'm not afraid. I'm just not afraid, like I like it was missing in my mentality for a while like the social media stuff but like I just feel like you just thought my time it's my time. Like, I'm not gonna stress. I'm not going to be dirty about it so
Misty Moncada: Definitely washed my hands.
Misty Moncada: I feel like I'm
Misty Moncada: On the highway. We stopped like twice, and it was like people who are stopping and and some people have loved ones that people didn't like is this. I was just cautious. That was it, you know.
Misty Moncada: I don't know. I'm, I'm okay with not just not as stressed.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When I'm so when do you plan to return to Mexico.
Misty Moncada: That's how next Monday.
Misty Moncada: We had to drive out here. And then we had to drive to Houston and then from Houston. We had to drive back
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. How long was the drive.
Misty Moncada: Was forever as long like
Misty Moncada: It was what like
Misty Moncada: Maybe eight hours from Clovis to Dallas and then it kept cutting out when I was in group on Friday.
Misty Moncada: And I
Misty Moncada: Disaster. And I was like, is there any way I could just not. I mean, we're on the highway. If we're tired.
Misty Moncada: Hours. He said that was fine. But I was in India for a little bit. It was it was law. It was long by time we go from Clovis we go straight. We didn't rest. We got to Dallas and it was like maybe eight, nine hours.
Drive.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, I thought, you know, cuz then I was like, well, it's going to be challenging because if you fly, then you have to like corn to sell quarantine.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For 14 days when you return. So I guess you guys avoided. Some of the chaos by driving
Misty Moncada: Yeah, and the roads were like
Misty Moncada: It was okay. You know, I don't know. We had fun. We it was being my mom and my grandma. By the time we got here. We're
Misty Moncada: Already here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, looks nice over there. Um, so last time we spoke, you had some challenges with your daughter and some guilt with like past parenting experiences. Where are you with that relationship today.
Misty Moncada: I'm okay. Right now my daughter and I like I took my
Misty Moncada: Grandson brought him. She's still got a lot to work on. I'm also angry about a lot of things I had told you that I was stressed out about my job.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Misty Moncada: I get a letter in the mail saying I have a warrant for Larson.
Misty Moncada: I'm like, What's going on, like what's going on. He calls instead that I stole from him, and I said, this is not true. This is not true. Like why would we do that. I have a letter in the mail I Larson guitar decides to be informed by April 30
Misty Moncada: To call the police departments.
Misty Moncada: That I robbed.
Misty Moncada: And I immediately contacted my old job. Nice to Genesis, like, what is going on. Like I had already told you once I was with this guy you send me that they called Adult Protective Services and my job flipped it around and said they never told adult protective services that I recorded
Misty Moncada: Nine to mess with
Misty Moncada: So when I report it to a PSA PSA was like okay just just never reported this is what's going on and
Misty Moncada: The boss on the phone was like, Well, nobody twisting your arm me go back to Earth. I said, Will you are you as my boss use that I had to go at least three days and I didn't want to lose my job.
So I went
Misty Moncada: I don't know. What do you say nice though, I just got some papers in larceny and I have to show up. I called his sister is what is going on. And she said, You have like a 10 person. Please excuse like you'll, you'll be fine. He's not but he's never follow up question for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wow.
Misty Moncada: So I'm going through a bunch of like
Misty Moncada: I'm always going through something and I'm, I'm okay with it. Like, I'm not going to go on it because I didn't do anything. Um, I guess in the police report it stated that
Misty Moncada: It's the various items that were sold it isn't it is paid. And then it says that, um, I had jumped over the fence to try to go after me like you couldn't because because
Misty Moncada: Because he's not able to that was not true. He was trying to fill on me and he had me locked in those days and I jumped eight. So now I just have to go to court and just leave my
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Fortunate situation, I would have never expected this unfold. After what we discussed last meeting.
Misty Moncada: Well, I would have never expected either. And then, uh, so I get a letter in the mail from the Municipal Court saying I have a cookie. And I'm like,
Misty Moncada: Oh my probation officer. And I'm like, is this. I don't know. And he's like, misty like I don't even have nothing. My computer like what are you talking about
Misty Moncada: I said there's this I gotta let him. I'll say Mars me. He's like, whoa, like all the ports on on so that's why I called my old job.
Misty Moncada: It was so rude about it. They were like, Well, we didn't make you go back, you went on your own. And I was like, you know, I did everything to keep my job and I even met you know admitted that he was trying to hit on me. So hey, oh no, they're making it look like it's like a bunch of crap on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This point is he stayed versus she say and your job did not do the respectful thing by document in your concerns.
Misty Moncada: And and what's crazy is my boss, my boss boss of the job was out of town, she was doing field work, you know,
Misty Moncada: Out there in Albuquerque so
Misty Moncada: When I report it to
Misty Moncada: When my boss came back and she said, what's going on, misty night reporters. She goes, no one every portage News reported anything
Misty Moncada: So it's all just like a hush hush kind of thing and and I'm really mad, and then the lady was like, well don't you need to report it to your PO and I was like I did. Charlie did that. I told her she was ours.
Misty Moncada: On price it and I shouldn't do this. I'll be rude. I was like, arms, one for all and I was like, no, bitch. But I'll have a problem being back on for a few lucky with me. I told her.
Misty Moncada: He bought because like, You're being rude. Now I had already reported this and you're being rude, you never miss any of this stuff and so like I should do that because that does not make me look good at all. But she was just kind of being like, arrogant, like, Don't you need to report this.
Misty Moncada: You know,
Misty Moncada: Aren't you on parole.
Misty Moncada: Know I'm on probation.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Ya.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know, so
Misty Moncada: I was real rude about that I shouldn't even do that. I was way out of character, but like it just got me so angry. So my boss boss had no idea.
Misty Moncada: That kind of help.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So my question for you said your responses, but I did you have an opportunity to practice the the pause and then the reflect. But clearly, she activated that trigger response where it's to get pause and reflect. I'm just going to react.
Misty Moncada: Because I she said it twice.
Misty Moncada: At first, is like
Misty Moncada: Going to have a PO
Misty Moncada: Aren't you on parole or no please don't Archie, why don't you have appeal and aren't you on production. She goes, go to that appeal, you need to report this to and when she said that. Yeah.
Misty Moncada: I was like, look.
Misty Moncada: I'm not, I'm not have a problem with that.
Misty Moncada: Role and I didn't seem like I just, but I was asked on a three way call and I should've did that it was me. Well, they had me on a not a three way call speaker at a conference call.
Misty Moncada: Okay. It was me her and
Misty Moncada: The boss on office talking, but I was at home.
Misty Moncada: I really did that.
Misty Moncada: But she just like triggered me like I felt like she was taunting me like okay like
Misty Moncada: You recorded it whatever other crap like it.
Misty Moncada: And then
Misty Moncada: When I told my boss about it. My boss was like nobody reported this thing. So it kind of made me look like a liar.
Misty Moncada: You know, like, okay, misty just went
Misty Moncada: On her own kind of thing after the incident happened.
Misty Moncada: And so it was no time for me to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do it was just like
Misty Moncada: All like he's making at
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, she caught you an already high in moment. Have you already had some challenges with this patient because your concerns. I'm curious when you told them about what was happening with this patient was it a face to face conversation phone call or did you put anything in writing.
Misty Moncada: It was I left his house one day.
And
Misty Moncada: And I went immediately.
Misty Moncada: Into the office I reported it. I said, I don't want to work for him. No, but I didn't put into writing. I didn't do a grievance I this is my first time doing home health care. Yeah.
Misty Moncada: I don't know how to do all this
Misty Moncada: So, um, when I reported it now. She's all we're gonna let me to know the whole answer those what was said.
Misty Moncada: Here. Well, I don't know how to do all this paperwork. Maybe I should have asked, maybe I should have been so like naive.
Misty Moncada: About i did i left straight from his house I clocked out that day and then I reported it and I told her, I'm not going back. I'm not going
Misty Moncada: And I meant that I said you can. She goes, wait, we have another five people report, I said, okay, that's fine. But I'm not going back and I didn't go back after he
Misty Moncada: Tried to do what he did the last time I did not feel that I didn't agree to anything. And then he got a new home health care provider. So she was going to be out for three days and he requested me. Oh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, well, you know, there's a lot of us that we are fearful because I remember you said that experience made you feel uncomfortable you was a little afraid.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There was so much on the line. We don't think the best and our state of fear. So I could understand, especially if this is your first time doing home health care.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not going through the proper measures, but now you know this type of business. Any concern, put it in writing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: An email and email them so that the end of the day, you always have your documentation. But in hindsight, of everything that happened. I could understand why this is no for you. Who would expect home health care to be, you know, to be on in that compromising position like that. Right.
Misty Moncada: I think a little bit of
Misty Moncada: A break over there.
Misty Moncada: Beautiful. I love it.
Misty Moncada: But that's
Misty Moncada: The way I felt like them. I think I was so hurt with the situation like and then like when I feel hurt. I'm aggressive like I was still a lot. I need to learn about my feelings like I can get aggressive and just be aggressive back and had not have no filter like
Misty Moncada: Not at all.
Misty Moncada: And so for me I need to practice. I need to learn how to be a little bit more
Misty Moncada: Offer and act more adult life. And I did admit this in group one time I was like, there's some things I really need to work on and so
Misty Moncada: It just made me so angry, but his sister had said that she would go with me to of course, if needed, and she will help me because I've been friends with this family for a long time, like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I just got accused to his sister is open to going to court with you.
Misty Moncada: Yeah, she said. She said, Okay, she's been my friend was like, we hang out here and there. Her name is Barry. She's a wonderful person and
Misty Moncada: Perry said misty I will go to court with you if I have to. I will help you in any way I can because you're not the first person he's done this dude. He's just never filed a police report.
Misty Moncada: And I said, Look, I said what excuse me is going. And I said, I don't even want to know.
Misty Moncada: Only one. No.
Misty Moncada: I don't care. I don't want to give a speech, I guess, for I don't want to know anything but um she agreed that she would go with it. So I hope that, and even if she doesn't. I just hope it I tell my side, the story and not do it.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, this is something that you'd recognize that when your emotion is feeling disrespected your reaction is to react right away with anger.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you don't have that filter. So remember what we talked about last time with identifying what the emotion is so you know she made that comment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On trump the role you since then your body. The disrespect because your body gave you that response that reaction. And so that's where that pause comes in.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Granite she needed to be quitting her place because as a supervisor. She did not do what she should have done to protect her employees. So I understand the frustration, but in that. Pause
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There would have been an opportunity to have her and knowledge what she went wrong in that conversation. And then now there's no opportunity for them to look at you as the aggressor, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What does that even look like for you because he accused of stealing. I'm the RV firing you are, you are correct. How does that affect your employment with them.
Misty Moncada: I'm no longer employed with them.
Misty Moncada: I told them to ourselves. And that I will see them in court, if I have to. I told I told him I said that I wasn't going to go back
Misty Moncada: And then I immediately contacted my probation officer, which is like this. You're doing so good. Like, I will be out for you. Like you're completing all your classes for probation, you
Misty Moncada: You haven't missed any you know payments you haven't got no dirty us and us like I will go help you if I can if I need it. He's like you were doing great.
Misty Moncada: Nice to look. I said, I don't know what's going on, but I never told my people about the incident, either. I just, I only know my work, you know, not really understanding, but I'm
Misty Moncada: I'm not going to go back. I'm not going to go work with him and I just kind of sit at home and kind of stay away from it. They haven't called me so
Misty Moncada: I mean, I'm OK. Now I'm a little like over the stress.
Misty Moncada: That I'll just tell you like that one day, I was just like wow, like, like, Wow. And then, you know, for her to just say we went back and I was like, he said you need it. You only requested me and it was
Misty Moncada: Hard because he's already
Misty Moncada: Fire like 50 caregivers. So they were like, Well, he request you we really need you. And I thought, okay, like this is my job. I'm doing what they say.
Misty Moncada: I told her this is for him. It's all right. I'm not going back for
Misty Moncada: Sure. And she said, yeah, you're not going back. So I thought, because it already knew the incident the pirates today. I was going to be okay. Is she said she has spoken about it.
Misty Moncada: Yesterday, and I spoke to them about the incident.
Misty Moncada: And I told him that he is you cannot be asking you to be doing other things for him, and I said, Okay, thank you. But I don't know if that's really true or not, because it wasn't my actual boss.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, you know, you can't even on I think you're making the right choice by just looking for a different employer to begin with that they didn't protect you. They, they compromise your safety and they didn't even document. So you're making the right decision.
Misty Moncada: And then I felt like when
Misty Moncada: When adult protective services from the state.
Misty Moncada: Of New Mexico, call me. Yeah, I had no idea that I had already reported at one time because my employment fails to notify them of that. So it's making me look like I never did nothing at all.
Mm hmm.
Misty Moncada: So,
Yeah.
Misty Moncada: I don't know, I just I just hope for better days. Like, I didn't have bad, but I wouldn't have any luck in the world.
Misty Moncada: I haven't worked for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No, it's going to work out for you, it definitely will.
Misty Moncada: Other than that, I've been getting along great with my daughter so far.
Misty Moncada: I brought my grandson with those to give her some time because you know she is, you know, doing drugs here and there. And so, um,
Misty Moncada: Well, I mean, me and my mom just thought away that away from everything all the stress and Clovis
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How was how was the communication with your daughter should be more respectful communication.
I'm
Misty Moncada: more distant and, I guess, I guess I'm just kind of worried about that. Like, she's the she's communicating more respectfully, but she's just like, Okay, I gotta go talk to you later. So hang up immediately.
Misty Moncada: Why they buy
Misty Moncada: Or it's like okay, you guys have a good time by
Misty Moncada: You know, so it's kind of
Misty Moncada: Like high end by. Talk to you later.
Misty Moncada: This has more more verbal like to tech, but not through phone so I'm just letting her be because I felt a lot of stress on my plate.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And
Misty Moncada: He's 21 and just letting her do her right now and figure out what
Misty Moncada: He wants is fine. I can, I will literally lose my mind. If I focus on her what I'm going through right now.
Misty Moncada: A lot of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, let me. Let's see what progress you've made on when we met we develop the treatment time together.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because right now in this state probably seems like nothing's working well. Um, but I seen progress. You know, I've seen you shift from the ex husband. That was a trigger for you and you know you establish that firm boundaries.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, and you were able to protect yourself in that situation, you know, when you had that that slip up, you got right back on you opened up on your attorney who consistently.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Those are the things that's working well for you and the fact that this situation can happen and your probation officer could already not questioning
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: can already be in a position to be supportive. That says a lot because probation officers, they're always on guard waiting for the slip up right
Misty Moncada: But the fact that your probation officer was able to at first, not question it not challenge it. But know that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Misty, it's going to be okay. And even the guy sister to want to support you. That says a lot of you built those relationships and those connections and that they see integrity and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's not something that a lot of people can identify and other and others. So I'm taking a list of those things that you're doing well.
Misty Moncada: Right. And, and, like, I just want to keep going you know I'm trying really hard and
Misty Moncada: My attitude is one big thing I want to work on. I have a bad attitude every night.
Misty Moncada: Maybe not like like things before I react to things and spit out no filters say things that I don't care about and like that's going to go like that, gentle part of me has to go already and I'm trying so hard to get rid of that.
Misty Moncada: You got one of my
Misty Moncada: main goals. This
Misty Moncada: Year is to focus on how I can speak to other one. I'm angry. I'm not just get so mad and you like at you and this and that and and you know and then like, I'm here with some
Misty Moncada: Basic I have two children that I don't have custody of my two youngest and
Misty Moncada: I've got to see them. I've got to spend time with them.
Misty Moncada: Once graduating this year. Once graduating next year and like they're not raised, like this, like all ghetto talking and for you.
Misty Moncada: Know, and I'm like last time.
Misty Moncada: I got to spend time with him. And we were laughing Is taking
Misty Moncada: Pictures and I just you know my way of speaking around not just them, but not all my family's like this. That's kind of just, that's my main goal. My main focus. I know I have a lot of just my attitude water just anger I lot of angry.
Misty Moncada: I have a lot of anger towards
Misty Moncada: A lot of things. And you're basically my problem or what I've done to myself not everybody's done in its flow. What the hell am I angry. I'm angry that I put myself in a sense you know I can't be angry to everybody else for it, you know.
Misty Moncada: And that's one thing that I need to focus on like I'm angry at myself for the things I've been there myself. But like I, my goal is to focus on how I speak to others how I react to things, not just right away jumps to some conclusion after for, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah well you respond like this because of the condition of your life experiences.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You had a rough upbringing. You were incarcerated for a long period of time. And so this has been your mentality. So Bible
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Present yourself in a way that people learn not to disrespect you and so that's why the disrespect is a challenge for you because then you internalize
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, if you feel that you can disrespect me that we've added present myself in a way for you to know better. So now let me give you reason to know why you can't be suspect
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's why there's that challenge in the communication and whenever that disrespect rises up and go back into the survival. So it's, it's the emotions that we talked about. Did you get the opportunity, like we talked about last time to love those emotions on a day to day basis.
Misty Moncada: I'm Steve, I have not.
Misty Moncada: I apologize, I have not. But I did save
Misty Moncada: The charts.
Misty Moncada: On my phone.
Misty Moncada: I did. And just like and
Misty Moncada: I think I've been so like like
Misty Moncada: My mind has been wrecked with everything going on. I haven't had time to really focus. So I saved them.
Misty Moncada: Just as a reminder, like all my emotions to remind me because I kind of liked those emotion and those emotional pictures. It just, it just shows me a lot like within myself like how I reacted today.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or
Misty Moncada: You know, so hopefully I could start working on that. But I apologize, I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's okay. But this gives you the opportunity to really work on the skills that you want to apply it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And, like you, I like that chart because it shows us that emotions aren't just like for, you know, we have this limited emotional vocabulary, where we think that it's either angry happiness, sadness or disappointment and there's so many different emotions.
Misty Moncada: That can derive from right
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right when we can adequately define
What we're
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's how we can mold the behaviors thoughts, feelings, and behaviors. If you don't remember anything else.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you don't have that chart, think about that as you go about your day and any emotion arises for you. What am I thinking what am I feeling. Okay. And how will I behave. Now, as a result of these thoughts and these fields.
Misty Moncada: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, Misty, um, where we talk, um, you talked about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: staying sober and going to group every week. How's that been for you.
Misty Moncada: I have been sober. I've been going to group every Friday this Friday I am like I said, if
Misty Moncada: You're on the highway. Yes.
Misty Moncada: And
Misty Moncada: I've been coined to group and my you a cup. They sent me you a cup in the mail. I never received it, and they're saying like, go to the post office that are post office in town is blows like our little town is all freaked out about the coronavirus thing so
Misty Moncada: Maybe I'll be helping my
Misty Moncada: Broker
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Other than that I have not respond to her. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You've been attending our session. I think you only missed one. You've been consistent with that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Usage one want to seek employment and you, you have the employment. But this happens so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm guessing the process is going to have to start again. Do you have any other leads
Misty Moncada: I'm
Misty Moncada: After coming to visit. I think I want to move back over here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I wouldn't
Misty Moncada: I wouldn't say that housing to go see if I could get application and they they're close to my sister, she works in an office. She printed out one online, um,
Misty Moncada: Maybe just a fresh start, and just get away from closes right now, but I'm also on probation to so I don't know. I'd have to ask my probation officer. I've done everything I've had to do. So one class, I have to do me a VIP class. Well, maybe I could transfer it. Um, I don't know.
Misty Moncada: Other than that, like I'm
Misty Moncada: I mean, I'm trying to stay away from everything and
Misty Moncada: Yes, a focus, but if
Misty Moncada: I'm really angry right now, a lot of stuff. So I just kind of, I guess this was a stress reliever. The Getaway
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, when is your probation over
Misty Moncada: I just got put on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh you froze. What was that I see.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You froze. What did you say how long is it published
Misty Moncada: And I just got put on probation. In January for 15
Misty Moncada: Months and so one year, but I'd actually completed since January I've completed all my counseling. I completed my DWI select all my community service for
Misty Moncada: Probation all I have is
Misty Moncada: One VIP class and then the rest of my payments every month for the rest of the year. So my VIP classes have been so I've actually like excelled and all my probation.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's let's play this up. If your probation officer were to say know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What, what could you do to change your surroundings. Even if you still have to go to close this so that it can still feel like a fresh start for you.
Misty Moncada: I don't know.
Misty Moncada: Small town.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where I live, and
Misty Moncada: So it's like I
Misty Moncada: I don't know, like I'm still doing good. I'm still sober off heroin. That's not affecting it. Um, I know some days I stress. I just want to take off and I know that I can't do that. So I get kind of scared that I'm going to relax. Sometimes
Misty Moncada: I get really
Misty Moncada: scared that I'm like
Misty Moncada: I'm doing good. And I haven't school, but I don't know I get so stressed out. Some days I just want to go off.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To think about that because I don't want it, the probation officer says, No, I don't want that to be one more bad thing, and then it send you over, you know, to want to use so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Come up in the best case scenario, um, well actually, in the worst case scenario vision officer says, no, you have to stay here until etc. What can miss the still do to get the feeling that she's feeling right now in Texas, where it feels like a fresh start for her.
Misty Moncada: I don't know yet like
Misty Moncada: I don't know. I'd have to figure something out like is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This such a small
Misty Moncada: House. Can you see everyone everywhere.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right now routine, you will team.
Misty Moncada: And and I do like I hadn't
Misty Moncada: For a while, you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: May not have
Misty Moncada: Been I have been
Misty Moncada: And then boom, and then like
Misty Moncada: It's just, I guess I'm stressed out about it, but I can't run for me to Cameron from all my issues face.
Misty Moncada: But I don't know I stuck it yourself out for probation officer says, No, I'm just happy.
Misty Moncada: That I'm right now. I just
Misty Moncada: I'm just happy I'm away. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah so enjoying this this moment. And if you feel like you. You're on the verge of water relapse. You know how to reach me let's schedule a session call someone in the virtual clinic and just have someone to talk to your mind, you have all the progress extremely well.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, any new triggers you identified. So you said the anger that you were dealing with is kind of making you tempted to use
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anything else
Misty Moncada: I'm
Misty Moncada: Mainly just a anger and then you fighting with my kids like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For me,
Misty Moncada: That was another thing. But since I've been away. I just kind of like, I guess the bright for me arguing with me with my son or my daughters. So like, I'm not stressed stressed out right now. Maybe by time I get home. I'll feel better.
You know,
Misty Moncada: I need to find other ways to stress relief and I was working out at the gym. But then I found out I had like a ball behind my kneecap and I went
Misty Moncada: To the doctor and I got a piece that we need x rays when he said that he doesn't understand how this really been hurting, but I have like a day for me at my whole life.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One.
Misty Moncada: One group higher my kneecap on the right.
Misty Moncada: Side grew higher than we have on the web. He's like, why are we started hurting you. I don't know. So like working out with my stress reliever.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Until my mid cap started to
Misty Moncada: Hurt. I felt like I popped it out of place.
Misty Moncada: And he said, then it should have heard a long time ago. So I can maybe I can work for this game and maybe just work on my arms.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, not my list not
Misty Moncada: That was a big stress reliever.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. Do you find yoga. I know some people they can't do yoga, they can't do meditation, because it's too slow for them. Do you find that relaxing for you.
Misty Moncada: I tried at
Misty Moncada: Yoga one time and we'll meditation and one of our mental health groups for probation and I think I panicked because I've come a victim of violent crimes and like
Misty Moncada: I was in a room full of people I
Misty Moncada: Did not know and she wanted us to close your eyes.
Misty Moncada: And then we tried it again a
Misty Moncada: Second time but I had my back towards the door. And I knew. Nobody was behind so I kind of felt a little bit more time, but I bet, I bet if I did it at home, I would probably be more comfortable. I know.
Misty Moncada: That's
Misty Moncada: Not a bad idea.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. I have been doing a little bit of meditation. I personally don't like yoga in those things because it's too slow. I want to sweat. I want to feel like I'm doing been active
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For meditation has been really helpful for me during this time of just China multitask with kids out of school trying to work.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's been a lot, and I've been really shot that meditation is really helped me to feel a lot more calmer to mentally and physically so um that's y axis, you're busy, you're on the go to. So I was curious to know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you enjoyed meditation.
Misty Moncada: And I can. I said, I tried to just twice, and I think I probably at the second time I started to feel more
Misty Moncada: Comfortable and I probably would enjoy it at home.
Misty Moncada: Yeah.
Misty Moncada: Yeah, I get that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Work given a second shot I there's a free app that's called insight timer that they have the recorded meditations for you and you can pick
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Based on whatever category, you're feeling at that moment. So, something, something to think about. They have some longer ones and some shorter ones, and it's free because I heard a lot of meditation apps, you have to pay for it. So,
Misty Moncada: I should just got. I got some catchy catchy gas tank top. I should just do me. You're gonna get off.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, do that. You definitely little stress reliever. Um, so you identify some stresses and now we're already applied some things to help you know where resource here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Don't be shy can feel that I can't do every other week. I want to do every week now because I need more resources, um, let me know. We can do that. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any short term or long term goals that you want to add to your treatment for
Misty Moncada: I'm
Misty Moncada: Like I said, I'm still doing good on time remaining sober and my thing is just, I guess, I don't know, maybe that every person who are trying to stay sober staying sober fears. My biggest fears, relax.
Misty Moncada: All the obstacles that I have going on.
Misty Moncada: You know me. Learning to focus or deal with day to day issues of life is my biggest fear because I've never had to deal with us so long, like 20 years so
Misty Moncada: Me dealing with stress. It's just me, learning how to cope. Right. You know, like an adult not and not be childish and not be like, Okay, I'm not gonna deal with this time around.
Misty Moncada: Yeah, now
Misty Moncada: I want to be able to learn how to cope with the
Misty Moncada: Last one of my long term goals. Right. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, I can tell you now what is helpful for people is to have a plan put in place already don't wait for the moment to come where your trigger and then try to come up with a plan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's why I said, What would you do if PL says you can't go. It's already having a plan.
In place.
Sorry, I guess. Okay.
Misty Moncada: From money to decorate.
Misty Moncada: My god.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's already having that friend be in place so that I shared my screen with you I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Saying that you know how to respond when it happened because this is a natural course of sobriety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To have the temptations to have the triggers and to have the fear of relax. The longer you stay sober, the more confident you feel in being able to boy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I shared some red flags thoughts for you because there's a constant battle see between be addicted mind and a sober mind.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And once you can find the distinction between when the added mine is speaking to you. And when the sober mind is speaking to you. That's where you can get a better sense of how to navigate
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right. So these are what these are some of the terms that the addicted. My will tell you when you're having those moments of anger, frustration with communication.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it will tell you that you have to, you have to either pop up and just say, how you feel, with no filter, you have to eat or drink or you have to use heroin.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Addicted mind that speaking to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On the other hand, sober mind is telling you pause and reflect
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The added mind will convince you to keep secrets. Nobody has to know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No one's here but you already activated the sober minded, you told me a session I'm I'm fearful that I might slip up because it's a lot of bad stuff happening right
Misty Moncada: I am. I'm very fearful because I get really frustrated and like
Misty Moncada: In my ways the frustration. We're just running to a needle in my arm, and I felt so much better. I had no worries. I had stress, I'm
Misty Moncada: Running to a bottle and injury, Tina. And I feel like okay I'm perfectly fine now. So that's what stresses me because I know if I split my arm. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna
Misty Moncada: I'm not gonna, I don't know how to do heroin. Just one night and be okay. No, I'm going to be on a mission for like
Misty Moncada: Two, three weeks to no one's going to hear from me. Talk to me. And I'm asked for any phone calls or
Misty Moncada: Emails, or I'm not going to care.
And so
Misty Moncada: I just
Misty Moncada: I'm being really strong about that and I'm proud of myself and I feel like I'm a bit overwhelmed. As soon as we got here. I slept like the first three days. Um, I slept and like my aunt was like
Misty Moncada: My mom likes me to get up my moms like old fashioned
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like you
Misty Moncada: gotta, you gotta
Misty Moncada: I am spike know personally and so
Misty Moncada: I think I was still overwhelmed with
Misty Moncada: Life and everything going on. I rest for three days. I finally got up and I was to have to get up now.
Misty Moncada: I kind of felt like once I got here and saving happy. I felt like I was depressed.
Misty Moncada: That was weird. Once I got here, I felt like, Dad, or maybe overwhelmed or I don't know what it was, but I just
Misty Moncada: I wanted to pull up in this bathroom and
Misty Moncada: So,
Misty Moncada: I don't know, maybe because what I'm coping with or what I'm going through, or I don't know so many emotions. I have mixed emotion right now. I don't know how to cook. Right. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. And because earlier you said you like it there. You want to move there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But then you said, now you're saying that it felt the pressing. And I'm wondering if when you got there and you slap. It's probably because like you mentioned, this is a different scenery. This is a different environment. You can let your guard down and just allow yourself to rest.
Misty Moncada: And I can I say, Okay, I don't know. I hope I'm just going to work.
Misty Moncada: Hi baby, my girl.
Misty Moncada: Okay, let me let me too. I'm
Misty Moncada: Using this when I first started my addiction.
Misty Moncada: Maybe did I feel that way. And I don't know, I thought I'd ask you that.
Misty Moncada: When I live here. I was a bad crack it like
Misty Moncada: Bad because I started crap. Before I started here.
Misty Moncada: And this is where my addiction was
Misty Moncada: Yeah, we're
Misty Moncada: Started out. So when I got here. I haven't been hearing years and I know I changed in that I don't do that anymore. But I think maybe I got kind of air.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: As a trigger person, places and things are triggers where you used to use. It's a trigger. And even if the last drug of choice was heroin because you had an extent of other drugs.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The addy brain will convince you that it doesn't matter any brain may tell you he wants to try the craft is not as bad as the heroin.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I did.
Misty Moncada: It. I just want
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You to use
Misty Moncada: I started smoking crack cocaine here.
Misty Moncada: And when I moved from here was when I got started on my hair.
Misty Moncada: I started my heroin addiction here as well and move back to New Mexico. I'm from New Mexico.
Misty Moncada: That was years
Misty Moncada: So I took that heroin addiction. Oh yeah, but I was only smoking.
Misty Moncada: Heroin I started here then.
Misty Moncada: Ended up
Misty Moncada: Doing more there but like this for like a whole 10 years here. I was wrong crack cocaine. So when I got here. I think you I was kind of scared. Today I will go to the store before before our therapy, man.
Misty Moncada: And I drove down that way down the whole story just to see how how much change and like it didn't make me nervous and
Misty Moncada: The drive down that way cuz I don't know anybody here anymore.
Misty Moncada: But it made me nervous.
Misty Moncada: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So could it be in in tune with this environment is the trigger for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so maybe even challenging, would it be best to move back here.
Misty Moncada: It's been so long since I've left here, and I don't know anybody anymore. And then, but in Clovis I know everybody there too. And like, it's so much more more readily available like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My neighbor has
Drugs.
Misty Moncada: Like
Misty Moncada: I guess this
Misty Moncada: Is where I want to be in how I could focus on staying awake.
Misty Moncada: And
Misty Moncada: I guess this here's what it made me really scared me because I didn't care and all like
Misty Moncada: Kind of scary situation.
Misty Moncada: I feel okay now like
Misty Moncada: Drive through town like. Gotcha. Okay. Now I didn't feel good. I guess my first
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You see, I want you to reach out to me. Okay. If you feel like you know you have the urge
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The may email call virtual clinic, they can notify me and we can get connected, but it's using some of the things we talked about just have it readily accessible.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Look at these words like that and really think about when these thoughts come up, remind yourself that this is addict brand speaking this is not the list is and if so, the brain to get activated.
Misty Moncada: Hey, well i i screenshot it I screenshot.
Misty Moncada: The red flag is analysis tool I hit screenshot. The, the feelings Ball State those and I'll definitely reach out to you. I don't think I'll be here till Monday and it will be headed back home.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Can we meet again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wednesday the 29th at four o'clock.
Misty Moncada: Yes. That'll be fine. Okay.
Misty Moncada: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, ma'am. Take care. Have a good time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They say yes. Yes, ma'am. Buh, buh.
Bye.